Young master, you have the second young master prepare 1 billion.
But he doesn't even have that much money.
He doesn't have any money.
And my horse has money.
Ma'am, where did you get that much money?
That horse is not normal.
Come in, Master Qin.
Here's a billion checks.
I hope that the poor can keep their promise.
Delete those videos.
The young master is right.
Why is he so good?
The computer's there.
Go deal with it.
You're welcome, I'll go first.
No, get out.
Young master, you are like a god.
I just don't understand.
How could the lady be so rich?
Let's see which bank this is.
The Sushi Bank
That's right.
The Su family has always wanted to annex our Qin family.
And my little mother is a chess piece that the Su always arranged in our Qin house.